# ORD.TO
Ord.to is a web-based system which helps businesses within the food industry to create order-receiving websites under their own brand and domain. If a website already exists, an Ord ordering widget can be integrated into it.  The system allows businesses to create attractive menus by uploading colorful photos and product descriptions while offering clients a variety of add-ons and product suggestions.  Customers can easily order products by choosing an appropriate payment method and delivery preferences.  Customers can view the menu in two ways, either as a simple list of menu items or as a visual presentation of dishes. They can also provide delivery details, enter comments, and specify relevant contact details. The platform provides a wide range of payment methods including cash or card upon delivery and online payment methods, which vary according to clients’ postal codes or cities.  After confirming the order, customers will receive an email or SMS containing information about the status of their order, updated every time it changes.  What’s more, they can be sure they’ll receive their order on time thanks to a built-in delivery tracking system which allows them to follow suppliers in real time once they have confirmed their delivery details and location.  Businesses that are interested in further promotion can use an affiliate program integrated into the system which makes it possible to include other parties in promotion strategies. Adding a partner generates a special link that they can share with potential customers. The system counts the number of customers and calculates a commission on completed orders.  Finally, the built-in statistics module helps businesses to analyze all selling activities and even prepare a set of marketing actions based on this information.
